Let's keep going with TODO 3.
So now we're gonna actually
do something on the page,
which is we're gonna take this statement,
so in my case it was one plus one equals,
equals, equals, equals two.
In this case, it's a razor like object,
whatever yours said.
That statement text, the question or
sort of the, true or false arrays are like
objects, true or false one plus
one equals equals equals two.
We're gonna put that in this box here,
like I have on this example.
Right now our box is empty, we're gonna
put it in there and make it not empty.
So, how did we do this one?
Who can walk me through their solution?
>> All right, statement.textContent.
>> So, statement now refers to what again?
Our variable from before which we
said was this element, beautiful.
Okay, so statement.textContent.
>> Equals,
>> fact.statement.
>> Great.
Full stop.
So now if I save and
if I go back to my local file,
here we go, my local file.
And I'm going to refresh.
Look at that.
I've got now JavaScript changing
the HTML when the page is loaded and
this HTML file is read by the browser.
Cool?
All right, we're getting there.
So now, we still have more work
to do in order to get this to be
an actual quiz game, but
we're gonna get to it through a few
other concepts we need to
wrap our heads around.
But before we move on, any questions
on TODOs one, two or three so far?
>> I did the same thing,
statement.textContent equals
factor statement,
content doesn't capitalize.
>> Yes, case sensitivity and
property names.
So text little case content is not gonna
be the same thing as
text uppercase C content.
And again, this is why, again, any text
editor that you're using is totally valid.
But this is why things like IDEs
are helpful because they have knowledge
about what we already have in the program.
So right now it already knows that
statement, it's an element from the DOM,
and so it knows some of
the properties that it has.
So you'll notice that when I start
typing text, it's gonna auto-populate
this little list of options and I can tab
through and get text capital C content.
So this is just another kind of advantage
of using an IDE like VS Code for example.